This is a head gum original.
Welcome to the Overlapping Dialogue Special.
Two hundred episodes in the can.
How many guests do we have?
Let's introduce ourselves one by one.
I'll do it.
Casey Donahue.
It has a go-in.
I'm sharing a mic with Jeff.
A mirror blooming phone.
Billy Scoffier.
Katie Boos.
There is Monchie.
Jack Dunn.
I am a good jensen.
Alex Parkman.
Jane Cardio.
Riley and Spawn.
Will Copper.
Emma Hurdbrain.
Out of the car.
Emma Willie.
Marisa Brownlee.
Joel Dunn-Off.
And the car.
You know what I mean?
I don't know what I mean.
And I don't know what I mean.
And I don't understand.
And we please count somebody count.
From the top.
All right.
We've got one.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten.
Twenty-two.
I mean, it has to be on at once.
Jeff said, somebody, please count one, two, three.
That's supposed to mean that.
Thank you, just means you count.
Okay, so I feel like it's gonna be a whole garage.
Yeah.
Zack, you have a heart out, right?
I don't, it's fine.
Don't worry about it.
I just say, you know, because I told you it's fine.
It's about you.
It's fine.
You made it quite clear that you're working on a big Hollywood
production in Atlanta.
He's coming in from a trailer, which you're not even
called to set today.
You just wanted to breath.
I rented a trailer just to be.
Do whatever schedule you want.
Okay, I appreciate that.
Emma, you've never been on the show.
You're the only one on here who's never been on the show.
Yeah, I'm cut, you feel.
But that's okay.
And all are.
Let's, who do we think looks the most upset to be here?
I think it's Jake.
I'm watching a soccer game.
I'm really checked out.
I totally, I don't know, I believe.
Listen, I constantly tell overlapping dialogue on this show.
I say that eight of make it easier in the edit
and be to kind of keep that energy up.
We should always be constantly not interrupting necessarily,
but kind of catching each other's tail into their sentences
and starting our own, starting a new and here we are
with almost 20 people, I think I already forgot.
22, yeah.
22.
Yeah.
I think it's going to be easy for us to overlap dialogue
today or really hard because everyone's waiting for the other person.
That's, yeah.
Yeah.
It's hard because already there's way more silence than I thought
there's going to be.
The show is really, how many people can you steam roll?
Fairies, you're making your, your return to the show.
I've been trying to get you on the show for like a few weeks.
And then the schedules have been lined up and now here you are on one of the most important
episodes ever.
Yes, sir.
Good to be back.
God, I do not envy Grace on the, you know, miss on this one.
I'm sorry.
Jesus Christ.
God, I'm goal, baby.
I run in Johnson at the back post with a team of Werner Cross.
I mean, I love to see that show.
All right.
You want to see that show.
But it's over laughing.
Is it not?
It's overlapping.
It is dialogue.
I'm trying to figure out because there is one.
We do have to continue.
We have a lot to see in the celebration.
Sorry.
Just one second.
Joel and John are sharing a sort of headphone.
Yeah.
And I'm like, this whole room is sharing a headphone.
It was on Joel's last account.
We started recording.
You got it.
You got a lot to do there.
Who's the thing I was here?
Actually invited to be here.
Marie get texted me 15 minutes before the start time.
She says, are you going to be here?
And I just kind of work.
I'm here.
Actually, I'm a bit bone to pick with Wilcon over.
Well, I think it was yesterday.
I posted a photo on my story.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
We'll said this.
First time ever.
First ever.
He said such a warm smile with a heart.
It was a cute picture.
I hope you edited it in because it's a very sweet picture.
You look handsome.
What?
But were you being facetious?
No.
I'm not jumping down.
You're reacting.
I was going to be here today.
So I want to start off on a good footage.
It was a warm to pick.
Yeah.
Here we go.
We're jumping straight into it.
We're going to be bonfire.
We're circling the fucking new 007.
Barbara Brockley might be hiring Aaron Taylor Joy.
What is it?
My bond of the week is Bruce Boxleitner.
Because it's time for a 73-year-old James Tron.
Boo!
He grabbed the office.
He's Welsh not British.
But he opened the scoring against West Ham.
So I kind of respect him.
22-year-old Welsh footballer.
Casey, who's your bond of the week?
Pass.
I might pass.
I might pass too.
No, no, you could do that.
That's all.
Jeff Stair.
Jeff Stair is such a freaky stare for those at home.
Who don't get to give this to you?
He says these things so loud and just Stair is at you.
It's like a dog who needs to go out.
And listen to you.
I just hear you.
Yeah, bond of the week.
Correct.
I kind of love Shrek for bond.
That's cool.
Amir?
Ah, Ferris.
Ferris is good.
Yeah.
Wow.
No, Ferris is going to say Jack Black.
But I'll take it.
I'll take it.
Everybody just say you're bond of the week at once.
Three, two, one.
That's it.
Sorry.
Oh, so.
Jeff does this thing for those of you who don't know because Jeff,
there are people on the show who have never been on the show before.
Just Emma.
If you want to explain what bond of the week is to Emma.
Okay.
It wasn't even hearing that.
Daniel Craig is out.
Daniel Craig is out as bond.
So every week until the next James is cast.
We are casting our vote for who should be casting the next double.
It's been going on forever.
Probably just to the place of this segment when the bond is officially cast.
Indiana Jones.
Definitely.
Jones of the year.
I don't know if it's quite been.
I don't know if we've done bond of the week every episode.
But how many bonds do you think we've done?
Because you know, this is a pretty big episode.
It's number.
It's about one on two.
Episode 72.
Okay.
Marike coming in with the fact.
Not only the fact.
So like there's like 120 episodes.
You've done ish with bond of the week.
Correct.
Like four people.
The answer is too many.
It's been.
It's been two years.
Yes.
I get that.
I mean, this is.
But this is a monumental episode.
Whether we've done bond of the week for every single week.
I mean, again, it's episode number.
What is it?
Two hundred.
One hundred.
Where do the day?
Two hundred.
That's exactly right.
It's both off.
Where do the day is two hundred.
Was that Marie conceded?
Yeah.
All right.
I'm going to let me cash.
Yeah.
I'm going to let you cash.
This is kind of a throwback to an old segment we used to do before.
Billy actually told me that.
No.
Chainsax repercussions.
Choke.
It's crazy.
Wow.
Oh.
This is the wife.
You can do a wife.
Do it again.
Oh.
Yes.
Yeah.
Brut shell.
Oh.
Why for the week?
Don't go.
Oh.
Wow.
These are all very good.
Oh.
We're squeezing it out.
Yeah.
Oh.
Did you get it?
Sorry.
Go ahead of me.
Is there a star wipe?
Is all I'm just curious.
Look.
There.
No.
All right.
It wouldn't be a headgun podcast episode without a little bit of wax.
Right.
Two hundred episodes.
I think they said it could be done and would again.
There will probably be a four hundred episode.
But, Mereka, do you want to talk about the.
The origins of the show.
I mean, this kind of was a.
It was a pandemic podcast.
Yeah.
A fashion project.
It was a pandemic podcast.
Yeah.
I wanted a staff podcast for a long time.
It's originally called headgun happy hour now.
Yeah, it was.
Yes.
I remember doing a couple episodes in my closet with a margarita.
The saddest I've ever been.
I'm wondering how is ever going to leave my house again.
And then being drunk on a zoom in a hot closet trying to report oddying with my bosses.
That was really a year ago.
I had a story, and in a room that would have given you the virus four years ago.
Absolutely.
This is also technically a corporate podcast.
Oh, X and trouble.
X and trouble.
Sorry.
I think kicked out.
Yeah.
Really good.
I don't have that towards.
It's hard.
It's been sold to the past.
I had a segment prepared just for that.
You know what, let's, we'll wax throughout the episode.
Let's get to our first segments ladies and gentlemen.
This one is kind of a fan favorite for Zack Dunn.
A fan favorite guest.
It's what, like, a six-fiever?
What do you mean?
I mean that every time you're on, I ask you if you could give me
some writing advice.
Yeah.
Right.
Exactly.
And we should sit, you're on location for a writing job right now.
This is proof that you're a whole different type of person.
Sorry.
Just let me in.
You get a trailer for that.
You do when you're a colleague.
I Jeffrey loves trying to talk about my specific titles on things I work on.
It makes me very uncomfortable.
What goes you, not splitting that, going to a J-A rate with Jack,
Jake Bender anymore, right?
You're getting the deal seven down.
I was just, first, I just got kicked out of the trailers.
I don't, I'm not, this is a really bi-trailer.
I'm going to be at this writing segment goes well.
Yeah.
You know, I could talk to someone on the set of this show.
I'd be amazing about it.
Because Zack, you and I did improv and college together.
Almost eight years ago.
And, you know, I have aspirations to, you know, write little jokes on a computer
and maybe get, what is it?
The official WGA minimum in the schedule is what?
7200 a week.
I don't think you know what those words.
There's a strike since we've last podcast that you know,
you might want to refresh on some of those things.
But that's, we're not here to talk about stuff like that.
We're here to see if you could give me notes on my writing.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And I've written two scenes.
And I was wondering if maybe we could do, we could do a live reading of these
and then Zack could give me notes.
Katie, I feel like you're not going to talk for the entire hour.
So do you want to play a part?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It was an honor to be considered as ultimately a past for me.
Riley, you're an actor.
Would you like to read one of these scenes?
I am a sag actor.
So I don't know if this is union or if I'm getting paid.
You're not.
So is that a yes?
I'll do it.
But don't tell my reps.
No.
I am calling.
I am calling the union right now.
You're going to bust this podcast.
Nothing more than to read whatever the fuck you wrote.
Johnny, would you like to read opposite Riley?
Okay.
Yeah.
Get my phone because I feel like you're going to send it to me there.
I just texted it to Riley and Johnny.
You can read scene direction to be great.
Yeah, you got it.
All right.
This is scene one.
Sorry.
I just got a text from the Democrats.
I just need to like.
Don't hate real fast.
Don't hate it.
Who's right?
Wait.
Let's have Johnny be customs officer and Riley you be passenger.
Okay.
And whenever you guys are ready.
Actors.
You guys ready?
Yeah.
Actors ready.
All right.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Action.
Interior airport day passenger return to the US approaches a customs officer.
The passenger sluggishly hands their passport to the officer.
How is it true?
It's terrible.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Do you have anything to declare?
Only that I had a terrible trip.
I don't was wise though.
Didn't buy anything overseas.
Sorry.
Even if I did buy stuff.
It would probably be just as terrible as this trip was for me.
Hey.
Don't say that.
I look.
We do need to keep the line moving.
So.
Right.
Yes.
I didn't mean to ruin your date too.
Just put down bad vibes and durian.
I'm afraid you can't bring fruit or vegetables in from other countries.
This sucks.
I literally didn't think this trip could get any worse.
The passenger takes a durian out of their bag and throws it away.
Sorry about that.
But yeah.
It's on the prohibited items list.
The customs officer points at a poster with a list of items.
Anyway.
I can't bring my Haitian animal hide comes either.
No.
No you can't.
This sucks.
How did you know about Haitian animal hide drums?
But not know that you can't import them to the US.
Great.
This is just great.
Next you're going to tell me that I can't bring this big ass gun either.
I swear.
I'm having the weirdest year.
All right.
You're being detained.
This sucks.
Okay.
That's the end.
Wow.
I mean wow.
Yeah.
I feel like my already really interesting.
It was really cool.
It was tight.
I mean case year.
It was director.
What do you think?
It's in the sack segment.
I'd like to hear it.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
Some pacing issues.
You know, we could get that on the second take.
Yeah.
I think that chalked up to Zoom delay.
Exactly.
Yeah.
No.
I thought it was interesting.
It was very similar to some of your past writing sample.
You've shown.
There was a.
Which is hot.
You don't have a voice.
You know.
That's good.
Right.
You know exactly right.
Erica.
Yeah.
You.
You're wasn't.
I wanted to ask something to the title or not.
Because we're really correctly said.
I want to know this too.
Well, she.
Correct.
Yeah.
The passion.
The line.
The past.
This.
So I want to know.
Was that a writerly choice because right.
Sometimes you don't.
Right.
How people actually talk.
You know.
Like it.
Not always word perfect grammar.
So I want to know what you were thinking.
And you know, Zach, you and I went to the same school.
And you know, they were teaching.
I don't know if you ever did this exercise.
But they had us go to a public place and listen to other people talk.
Right.
Because dialogue.
Yeah.
I wasn't even close to.
Christ.
Zach or other.
I.
No.
Yeah.
Where you go into public.
And you listen to people's conversation.
Because people are constantly overlapping their dialogue.
And interrupting each other.
And there's, you know, there's a lot of imperfections in the way people speak.
It's all picture perfect.
You know, it's all the silver screen.
It's all the great white way.
And I think the next.
So was it a typo or not?
I think it was.
It was.
Quickly.
My only review.
I'll say on this.
Of this scene is that I do think it suck.
So.
It's like.
All right.
Let's maybe move out of the next scene.
I thought Johnny did great.
Can I?
Performances were amazing.
Okay.
Yeah.
Not quite word perfect.
No, Riley.
It's hard.
It's like there's only two people in scene.
You're like, oh, well, this one person did great.
So even if you're not directly saying like Riley was asked, it's like, in leaving, in
omitting that, it's like, silence speaks volumes in a lot of ways.
And like, I've always said that.
And so that's fair.
That's fair.
Have always said that.
MR.
Are we boring you?
What?
I'm just a few.
So it's all.
This is like a word.
We added a third person.
Which is like a little bit show miles bouncing your way.
We added.
Let's go.
Have we plugged the backsters yet?
We have the year.
There will be bugs.
That will start off with a quote of yours.
Yep.
Just let's get it started here.
It's like favorite miles segment.
And this is something that you said in the interview.
This is a little bit scary.
Sorry.
Yeah.
You said let's get it started.
Let's get it started.
And not the other one.
We've had this conversation.
Sorry.
Just going to interview.
Just go to the library.
I would now.
So when you asked, what is life giving to you?
You said the music of steely day.
And drinking could wine.
Was it like proving to you?
It sounds like you're in your field.
Yeah.
That looked deep in them.
So let's go on to the second scene.
Miles.
How many segments?
We have four.
This is one.
This is segment one.
Seen one.
Segment one.
Segment one of four.
Okay.
Here we go.
On this one.
Let's have Miles.
You're kind of, you're also a performer.
And let's see.
Yeah.
Actually.
Let's have you read Jeffrey in this scene.
Okay.
Can we get?
It's going to be a sense.
I was woman one.
I don't have my phone on me.
Sorry.
And we're in my game.
I haven't received sides.
Okay.
You know what?
And I'll text these to you.
Okay.
Let me, let me cast this.
Actually, you know what?
Casey.
Let's have you cast this because you're a director as we said.
There's woman one.
Woman two and Jeffrey.
Okay.
It's going to be deeply massages.
It's going to be offensive.
Yeah.
Jeffrey.
Let's have a replay Jeffrey.
Okay.
Never mind.
I just sent it to Miles.
Okay.
Sorry.
So yeah.
And I'll just read over it.
Reca is Jeffrey.
Woman one.
Okay.
Let's go.
Preferably somebody's phone number.
I have second sentence them fast.
Okay.
Who has Jeff's phone number?
I did receive the script.
I don't even have a phone with me.
Okay.
Let's have Miles be woman one.
And let's just.
I got it.
I have it.
It's okay.
I have the phone too.
Okay.
Howly you'll be woman two.
All right.
Great.
Finally.
I really can't.
No.
All right.
Alice woman two.
Miles is woman one.
Yeah.
Marie is Jeffrey.
All right.
And then Zach you're on scene direction.
Yeah.
Everybody have the script.
I do this.
I'm going to ask you just a couple.
Am I Italian in this or?
Um.
Played straight.
The comedy's supposed to come from kind of like the realism.
A realism.
Okay.
So there's not a real Italian.
So I'm like.
I'm.
I'm Rochester New York.
But I didn't grow up.
You're just normal.
I tell you.
I just sent.
We're straight.
We're straight Italian.
I'm sorry.
I just.
Played straight.
Okay.
We're straight.
Here we go.
Hold on.
Studio G.
Can you not have the camera like that?
I fucking love this.
This is good bit.
I can't see.
All right.
Whatever you guys are ready.
Okay.
See you soon.
All right.
Here we go.
Exterior coffee shop Los Angeles.
Day.
Two nothing burger is seated at table.
Sipping coffee.
What?
I think this guy next to us is listening to our conversation.
What makes you say that?
Well, for one, he's been making direct eye contact.
Each time one of us speaks.
Maybe he has a lazy eye.
Just sort of able us.
He's also been taking vigorous notes this whole time.
He could be studying for an exam.
When you got up to the bathroom, he had a panic attack, seemingly not knowing whether
to stay put.
Or the follow you to the least human transcribe your shit.
I know.
Sorry.
Easy does it.
I only peed.
Easy does it is the expectation.
Yeah.
That's the direction.
My point is he's making me uncomfortable.
Would you lighten up?
Oh, my God.
But he would or not.
Everyone in the world is interested in what do you have to say.
A man chimes in.
Sorry to chime in here.
But the correct version just actually not everyone in the world is interested in what
you have to say.
Oh, I got my face.
Thanks so much.
Hang on.
Your face.
He just proved my point.
Well, I've got your attention.
Can I have both of your numbers?
Of course not.
Just the one is fine, man.
Women too writes down her number and hands at the Jeffrey.
Two and two, huh?
Let me guess.
Most famous area code in the country.
Dublin.
Idiot.
End of scene.
Sorry.
Can we take that last beat again?
I feel like it wasn't clear what just happened.
Just read it.
You know, with some pace.
All right.
And whenever you guys are ready from the woman,
jot's down her number.
From the top of scene one.
This is still the first segment.
So women when I said her number and his is Jeffrey.
Two and two, huh?
Let me guess.
Most famous area code in the country.
Dublin.
Idiot.
So, she didn't work any better than the second half.
Did you have her?
What?
That was a whole big one.
He said it didn't feel better.
It didn't.
Didn't.
I don't look at it.
You'll see.
No, sir.
Judges, is this something you actually
good to woman named the woman?
This was during my school assignment,
where I had to go in public in this interview.
We met.
So did you purposely set that up in the previous part of your talking?
Was that when you were talking?
Was that when you were playing?
I got lucky.
That was the worst part of the conversation.
No.
Definitely not.
What is the parenthetical easy does it?
What is that?
Yeah.
And I don't want to give a line read.
But just because the writer is kind of the master of the domain of
television.
Whereas in film, it's obviously Casey and Billy.
And you see, this is a TV show.
This scene we read.
I see this is a cold open.
What?
I had a question about one of the lines.
And we do have to move on.
Okay.
Yeah.
I actually have a question about your inspiration, Jeffrey,
because yeah, I understand that you take a lot of inspiration from music.
New York, exactly.
When I write, I usually hop back and forth between my laptop and my guitar.
That's my favorite.
That's your problem.
I'm just more on comedy writing.
Just that general concept.
He's still writing, but it's like cumbersome.
I thought on speed dial.
It's so lucky.
Awesome.
Oh.
200 episodes, right?
How have we done?
We've never looked again.
Just talk.
Just needs to go outside.
Just open the back door.
It's been a long journey.
There's been a lot of mistakes made.
There's been a lot of pleasure given.
Yeah.
Just like on the post-Nutral episode episode.
I believe it was 178, where we graded a mirror's wedding.
I want to grade the first 200 episodes of the show.
That's right.
On this custom rubric, Jake, would you do the honors of reading this?
Pretty engrossed in this game.
All right.
It's nine two West Ham at this point.
It's one one.
West Ham's really grown into it.
Oh, you didn't mention that goal.
Did you?
You were here with us from the beginning.
Would you like to do the honors?
Sure.
I'm going to text this rubric to you.
This is going to be out of a possible 21 points.
And we're going to give it a letter grade.
Just read every column by row.
And I don't mean salmon.
Oh, commercial.
And we're back.
All right.
Ferris.
Let's just steal.
That's industrial steel hitting.
Yeah.
All right.
Ferris, whenever you're ready and guys, everybody chime in here.
Everybody's opinions.
And we'll put together an amalgam of what score will land for each category.
Ferris, whenever you're ready.
All right.
Yeah.
Looks like we've got seven categories.
And we can there are three scores.
You can give each one.
So category one readiness of host.
A Bob standard.
This is for three points.
I think we could just skip this one.
And it's, you know, the lowest possible.
And we need one.
This whole rubric took me three hours yesterday.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
That's too long.
You might need to work on your time in it.
And that's why you were late.
Well, I was hopping back and forth by the guitar.
Very loud.
Very loud was a song.
Well, if this, if your score was to be a Bob standard, which I think it's unanimously not.
But here's the description.
This demonstrated a consistent and profound work ethic.
He worked tirelessly and without error to create an area of playfulness that put all that ease
Engagingness of content, positivity of mind and frequency of joy.
Came to be expected by guests and audience alike.
Freely wild to know this.
I don't think engagingness is a word.
There's nothing in there that's the best part.
If this was, if this meets the standard, this is the middle grade.
The description is host was present for records.
Yes.
Records.
Sorry, I haven't read in a while.
It should be recording.
Yeah.
I just watched a lot of YouTube nowadays.
All right.
You're not used to folding your phone horizontally, I think.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
You got to watch widescreen.
Okay.
So below standard, host shamelessly flew by the seat of his pants for four-year straight,
tens of thousands of hours of listeners' time were wasted and cold blood slashed with a smile.
The majority of the show consisted of flimsyly-premised segments such as thin-cankle energy
or nah and the price of rice.
Some episodes lovingly referred to by the host as wax episodes were bereft of preparation
entirely, amounting to dead-air written periods of life's conversation.
While it's presumed that the show will continue past episode 200, history will ultimately
remember the host for what he is a fraud.
What's the fuck?
You're a pro.
I know I wrote it, but everybody's nodding and agreement with below standards.
I was going to say two, but if people all veto me, I think it might be over.
Raise your hand if you think it's three.
We're reigning all two hundred collectibles.
Yeah, just the show so far.
All right.
I'm the only one who fucking said three.
Two.
Raise your hand if you think it's two.
That's so just a mirror.
Sorry, man.
And one below standard.
Kidding me.
All right.
Fine.
Various next category.
All right.
Next category is appearance of host.
There's so much text.
That's just the other word.
Seven categories.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
We can pick up the pace a little bit.
All right.
We're ready.
Pop score for appearance of host would be host came to the show.
Dress to the nine slash serving.
Oh, my God.
On you.
Do you want to take that one?
I'm not going to say it.
I was going to get somebody who I feel like can say it.
You want me to say it?
If you were to say it.
Give me the time.
I'm going to say it.
Thank you.
Various heads turned on swivels as he approached the studio.
Often causing multi vehicle pilots.
Once inside, he was faced with the impossible task of deflecting HR violation after HR
violation from his lustre boss, Marty Michael.
All right.
So that's the top score.
Middle score is host war average attire for records.
And bottom score would be the degeneration of the host's ocular lipid glances representative
of his appearance at large.
Red eyed thin angled and rotted through the host embodied rumple.
Can I say can I?
All right.
That's three.
I don't know if they can hear me.
Rumple?
No.
That's right.
What's that?
I came dressed to the nine slash serving hunt.
Yeah.
There's three.
Jeff.
Yeah.
We have a theory that last time you didn't turn on the video because you didn't think you
looked good.
I did look like shit that episode.
Yeah.
But it wasn't on purpose.
No.
I don't think you looked like shit on purpose.
I think you didn't turn on the video because you looked like shit.
Yeah.
You think I tried to dress well and didn't.
I didn't record.
I think your default state might be just looking at it.
Anyone think I dressed to the nine?
I think so.
But there's never been a pile up because of how you dress.
All right.
Fine.
Who thinks that I just dressed fine?
Yeah.
All right.
Two out of five.
But the bottom score including your your fucked up dry eyes.
That's really.
It was swaying me.
I did say too.
Yeah.
But I will say.
It's kind of a combo.
It's a combo one and two.
It's like one and a half.
Can we do it one and a half?
Yeah.
One and a half.
I'll give one and a half.
Sometimes it's sort of like an air one smoothie guy.
Yeah.
I feel like.
You know what?
You're also going to try to carry Bradshaw.
Set it in an episode of Sex in the City.
Sometimes the girl just needs a half.
Right.
Farast category.
Next category.
Do we.
You're going to do all the categories.
Let's keep it.
Let's keep it going faster.
You know.
Farast.
Every second is just things you wrote.
Yeah.
People.
I know.
Some.
You know.
I feel like anxiety that causes the pace to kind of quick.
And so on.
Why don't you.
Why don't you take this up.
On your.
Wait.
I don't know.
All right.
I'm going to text it to you.
And we'll pass it off.
Because I don't want to keep burdening Ferris.
I'm.
This is.
There's.
Okay.
Then let's do Ferris.
And just like let's double time.
All right.
Timeliness of host.
This top score.
You don't.
The host is suggested a personal adoption of the motto.
If you're on time, you're late.
He displayed an obvious respect for his guest time and the studio calendar.
Category.
Score score.
Middle score is the host was on time for records.
Number.
Number three.
Bottom score is the host pushed the boundaries of what it means to be tardy.
Well, sometimes 15 minutes late.
Oh, yeah.
Other times missing in person records all together without warning.
Leaving his guests in the studio.
Shocked and upset wondering if everything was okay.
Week by week.
He carved a perfect statue of complete disregard out of the marble of.
For others time.
Yeah.
You can add this one.
Next down on the road.
You didn't show up.
Okay.
So three out of nine so far.
This is obviously not.
Right.
Yeah.
There.
Did you show up in your car was just in the lot.
That's.
Yeah.
How do you sound.
Quality of sound.
Yeah.
A quality of sound.
Top score.
Audio levels during records were mixed to a T.
Ultimately earning the badge of high fidelity.
Sound effects were used sparingly.
Improving upon each episode's direction.
Without interrupting it.
All right.
Middle score would be.
Listeners could hear the show.
Bottom score is despite supervising editors best efforts.
Every single episode of the show contains clipping.
Bizarre and grading sounds such as the limited two.
Industrial steel hitting concrete floors.
Hevegum CTO Andrew Pile.
Shocking on a bagel.
And again.
You're song.
You had a bad day.
They had hazard leave throughout the show.
Often interrupting the few rare instances of pleasant conversation.
It can't be one because I feel like.
Showing on a bagel is so specific.
You have that.
I don't.
You constantly replay the.
Also.
All right.
I mean.
I'm crazy.
Better than I thought.
Tell people to locally record.
I believe one raise your hand.
Why?
We know.
So we're at four out of twelve.
Just keep it going.
Ferris.
Two more.
Three more.
Next category is joy had.
All right.
Top score is carnival.
Marry grog.
Diwali.
All of these pale and comparison to the glee.
The show has brought to all.
Despite all of the LA studios being sort of a charcoal.
And not something choice.
Sir like a child green or a cola.
The show has a beautiful sense of elation.
That has brought people together.
Not separated them like other shows see segments.
Unbelievable.
Middle score is the show has been chuckle funny.
Bottom score is the host has consistently chosen violence over joy.
Whether he's sending out people's biggest insecurities on camera or doxing where guests
children go to school.
The show is terrifying to be a part of.
The show is a very special point.
Forget laughter for now.
A good starting point for this show would be getting to a place where people's physical
safety isn't endangered.
Definitely.
I want to tell you what it's like.
The job thing is going to be taking.
Alright Johnny.
Three.
I've never celebrated to all.
So.
I definitely have more joy from the.
Three for the second.
Two or one.
Two.
Give it a two.
All right.
Yeah, somewhere in the middle.
What is that?
Six out of 15.
Yeah.
Moving on.
Two more.
Let's go round it out.
You write in very passive voice for these by the way.
So, two, three, four, four.
That's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
Oh, there's.
Next category is wisdom gotten.
So, I am not sure what you had.
We have a good time.
Everything is so passive and passive.
And then.
That's awesome.
What is awesome?
Can you just put a movie on?
Yeah.
Top score for wisdom gotten is when speaking on important subjects, the host made a concerted effort
to cite established experts and peer-reviewed studies.
While truth was occasionally exaggerated for comedic effect, the vast majority of the show
was educational in nature.
The host's savvy went beyond the odd-yall plane.
Oh, God.
Fuck is that.
Elevating the consciousness of the collect lotting up, so I think that's very impossible
to get three points.
Yeah.
It's, essentially.
University.
Middle score facts were said during the first 200 episodes that is indisputable and indisputable
proof.
.
And the bottom wrong for wisdom gotten is the host spun a complex and indesir enjoyable
web of life, and then Ms. Biden didn't vague pursuit to get wise.
The host would often monologue nonsense at guests uninterrupted until he tired himself
out.
phrase word salad would be an understatement.
Maybe word bombets better.
Maybe Joe.
Yeah, I think we're going to go one.
Me.
One again.
Yeah.
All right.
What are you saying nonsense or writing nonsense for us to say?
Yeah.
That's all right.
It's fine.
It's all right.
It's probably a top.
It's a top score, it's a top score.
It is commonly known.
If Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Fear conquered.
It is commonly known that fear is the opposite of love by this logic.
If one wants to become more loving, one must first conquer their fear.
This show has held tens of thousands of people and countless others to just that.
tens of thousands and countless others.
Just a little bit of a discussion between those two groups.
Maybe leaving three for this one.
No.
Well, let's see.
Middle score would be.
Fear was neither conquered nor furthered.
Bottom score would be.
This show makes the world worse.
It is without question.
Arral terrorism.
Oh, you got arral.
No audio.
I'm so proud of you.
All right.
Raise your hand if you think it's three.
It's a stage.
So it's an obvious one.
Yeah.
All right.
So we all think the show is arral terrorism.
No, I like I thought it was fine.
I think too.
Yeah.
I think it's too hard.
Ultimately.
We ended with a score of nine out of twenty one,
which is a complete fail.
Nine point five.
Which you could run by.
We got a point five.
Is that a score?
Or are you just dancing?
It's awesome.
It's unbelievable.
We've been ripping this down.
Yeah.
Maybe it's awesome too.
It's so much right.
Yeah.
You like it?
It's incredible.
You're going to get to head to him channel reps.
I have to go.
What's that?
Here.
I can't hear anyone either.
Guys.
This is high stakes, Jeffordie.
Oh.
For the first time ever.
Tournament of Champions.
Oh, this show.
We just got the people that won Jeffordie.
No.
It's even weirder than that.
For some reason.
The prize is a $500 Airbnb gift card.
Jesus.
I don't want to do this.
Oh my God.
You can't make it.
Jesus.
I am charged with this.
Listen.
It's been 200 episodes of me putting people in tough spots.
And so one out of 21 people today.
20.
Because I'm not playing.
We'll go home with an actual Airbnb gift card.
And by the way, everyone's staring at me blankly.
Not excited about the potential prize.
I never know how to do it.
You guys, it's real.
I've gotten gift cards from there from him before.
Really?
Did you guys stay?
Yeah, it was amazing.
Someone asked him if he's planning to put this on.
Are you putting this on the headgum card?
Or is this going to be on the headgum card?
All right.
Here we go.
Oh, fucker.
This is Jeffordie.
Okay.
Let's start with Erika.
What?
Erika.
Do you want to pick something first?
Pick a category.
Sure.
Or Alex?
I'll do the best headgum guests for 300.
Wow.
That's 10-gum podcasts.
That's for 300.
But we share everyone can guess.
But you have to buzz like buzz.
Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz.
We'll count over.
Buzz, buzz, buzz.
It was real count over.
Okay.
This straight shooting ad saleswoman only need to guess one time to become a headgum podcast
of the legend.
This is, I believe you'll have it as Sam Shackle.
But Sam.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Let's see.
What is?
Why do I do it?
Wait.
You didn't say what?
Are you serious?
I don't know.
Can I see?
No.
I buzz before.
What is Sam Shackle?
Well, that's good.
We're coming over depending on what you're calling.
How do you remember which team is which person?
Because there's 20.
I'm writing it down to h-
300 for well.
You know, I'm gonna have to give it to Will.
Because Jacob's rich.
So, like, we don't.
You're not on the list yet.
You just came from X-AMondo.
I think I wanted
if I ever-
I guess that's what he said bright.
Okay, we'll control the board.
Okay, oh my shit, sorry, I have to add this to somebody's team.
I'll do, head-gum podcast alumni club for 200 Jeff.
Head-gum podcast alumni club for 200.
A graph that's designed or slaps the top of us.
Okay, honor system who buzzed first.
That was awesome.
Yeah.
You don't read the question.
Okay, a graphic designer, Slash photographer, that technically
it buzzed in until after you read the full clue.
No, that's on how to work on your buzz.
On your buzz.
Don't sign on women.
A graphic designer, Slash photographer who's equally
esteemed clientele include Boy Genius and this.
And on your buzz, it's a, what is, who is, who is?
Grayson, Grayson.
Correct!
Thanks, Dan.
All right, on your two hundred, on your controls the board,
where you headed next on you.
I'm going to go podcast alumni club 300.
Head-gum podcast alumni club for 300.
This red-headed, Georgian leverage, successful guest
appearance on the head-gum podcast to land a starring role
in NBC's Saturday Night Live.
Maria?
Oh, fuck, I remember his last name.
What is it?
Oh, my shoulder.
Yes, there you go.
Yeah, I'm going to give it to Marieka there.
Because she got it, right?
She got it, right?
Really?
Yeah.
All right, Maria can control the board.
Quick score update will and Marieka are tied at 300 guys.
There's 20 of you.
You got buzz if you know this shit.
People are probably not going to bring you to the point.
I know, well, you know what?
That's how it's got to, you know?
This is why Jeopardy doesn't have like 20 guests on it.
Yeah.
Right.
Everyone knows every episode of the board.
This is fucking shit.
All right, Marika controls the board.
Let's go avoidable mistakes for 300, but buzz, buzz.
I love the fact of the great.
All right.
OK, you can't buzz before you even read it.
How the fuck do you do it where it's like horizontal to have?
OK, there we go.
Avoidable mistakes for 300.
Buzz.
OK, let's implement a new rule.
I have to read the whole thing out because maybe not
everybody can see equally.
Also, but you can buzz as soon as they finish.
The reason the big-
So the new rule is just how Jeopardy actually works.
All right, new rule.
You have to praise the answer in the form of a question.
Dane.
Why?
I really can let him talk to me like that.
Who?
Dane.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
OK, so close.
The reason the beginning of the show
had a sort of frantic energy to it.
Buzz.
Casey.
What is the pandemic?
That's incorrect.
Buzz.
Marika.
What is the fact that we didn't get approval to film
until day off?
Incorrect.
Dane, but Dane, but Dane, but Dane, but Dane.
Dane, Dane.
Dane.
Mine also had to do with the video, not finishing it on time.
But we'll get something else because he buzz.
Buzz.
Alex.
What is because Jeff is involved?
I mean, that's circling the brain.
I don't think anyone's going to get it.
And I'm going to have to give it to Alex.
The correct answer was what?
Oh, no, sorry.
That's not the right answer.
I changed it.
Jeff had too much cold brew day off.
Incorrect.
Buzz.
There were poppers from Gabris's show.
Correct.
Buzz.
Jeff was here.
Good.
Correct.
But it is about, it's about me being sour.
That's your hand.
Buzz.
You didn't get enough sleep tonight before.
No.
Buzz.
Wasn't there like, your laptop?
No.
The dongle of your laptop didn't work.
Wrong.
Your shirt wasn't dry.
You did that.
Wrong.
It was your correct answer.
It was someone.
Well, wrong.
Buzz.
Jeff's eyelids were bothering him.
Wrong.
Did you see it?
Be the egg?
And nobody got it.
The correct answer is, what is Jeff was upset that the venue was so sour!
You're a basic anybody.
Alright he says it wasn't just fine.
Jeff was a honest one.
How dangerous does he got all these carsthyvias.
Isn't it all so going to surprise?
Haha.
Let's go stage, controls the board.
Why?
Joel.
Joel controls the board.
300. Headgun podcast trivia with 300. Jake's walkout song at the Grammar Street
theater show. This isn't a wrong category. No, this wasn't a mistake. This isn't a
mistake. I was bad day. Yeah, correct. No, that was a mirror. Was it? Yeah,
Marieka's was daddy. I didn't know where you were. I think he was. Was it
Gangnam style? No, it was a punk song. Jake, you should know this. What's a
song that you would come out to? Is it Blake, what did he do song? No. Was it Wonderwall? No.
No one's buzzing. All right. Nobody got it right. The correct answer is what is
high. Jake, what's your song? Yeah. Yeah. He was controls the board. Oh, sweet. Let's do headgun podcast trivia.
Controls of my pieces. o My god. No, Joe, just landed.
Okay. Tarzan, you were too happy. Oh, let's do a. Go tell him. Let's do Rice
Songs 100. Rice Songs for 100. This low read parody produced one of the most
king's coughing his hook to date. Bye. On yourUh Us. It's sitting.
Which the walk on the wild side. One walk on the wild side? Ooh? Okay. But
what's the actual title of the actual song? Walk in the wild
and walk on wild race. What's the actual parody title?
Walk on the wild race?
It's a good guess.
It's on the wild side.
I know I'll be right.
It's a wild side.
WK.
Yeah.
A wild race?
Nope.
On the wild grains.
All right. You know what?
No one is getting me right.
What is use of walks to ensure for sure?
I'm not even a parody.
This is the title.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I don't want to miss you.
Alice controls the board.
Me?
Let's go.
Right songs.
300.
Right songs for 300.
I was loving this.
I was.
This burnt right.
Ginny went swimming during the fan favorite.
All women episode.
The rice bit is the one that I saw because I watched the live
stream because the door was crying.
You're obsessed with the voice.
Yes, yes, yes.
But I care about all of the rice and a man.
Oh, no.
Yeah, very good.
That's right.
Burning all the rain.
It's different.
Don't forget it.
You should have some negative.
Yeah.
I'm zero.
Everybody's guessing wrong.
That's not part of it.
All right, Marieka's in the lead with 600.
Will as 300 on you has 200.
Everybody else is at zero.
Got it.
We're only halfway done.
We're making control of the board.
Avoidable mistakes.
200.
The other live show for 200.
The biggest complaint amongst audience members about the show.
Ball.
Too many guests.
You had too many guests.
Not enough microphones.
You really, really invited people back to the stage.
Did we give you some of such headphones?
You wasn't free.
You didn't.
Wait, Johnny.
What was your guess?
I didn't say a single thing.
I'm really this whole episode.
I think that I wanted Johnny's number.
But we didn't actually give it to them.
All right.
Okay, Joel.
Joel said something.
What did you say?
I said the venue was too small.
That's I agree.
But no, that was just another party.
Was it because I wasn't there, Jeff?
Uh, it's what is that Andrew Piles.
Didn't exactly bring it up.
Yes.
Andrew didn't bring it.
What is?
What is about it?
All right, Rochelle.
When you got, you can throw the board.
Rochelle, too.
Rochelle.
Yeah.
No.
Let's go.
Avoidable mistake.
100.
Avoidable mistakes.
May it at the grammar see theater live show for 100.
What?
What is the group?
Sorry.
Emma.
Because it's for birthday and you ate all the cookies.
Correct.
I was so fucked up.
We ate all the cookies.
I didn't eat all the cookies.
I bought the cookies for her.
And then you ate all the cookies.
That's my favorite.
All right.
Emma controls the board.
Score update.
Emma has 100.
The rest is very similar to what I said earlier.
Emily.
I have 100.
Cool.
Let's do race on for two weeks.
I'm going to have a folium.
I'm going to go by last week.
Folium control.
People email me for that.
Emma sometimes do.
So I guess.
Yeah.
I do.
Best head gun podcast.
Best for 200.
Guess what you wanted.
Not.
In Ivy League or Emma.
You didn't have a guess.
It was me.
Oh, say.
I was going to say.
Maria.
Shirin.
No.
telling you to give entrance is
I'll do a head comb, head comb, pod cast, trivia for 200.
Head comb, pod cast, trivia for 200. Sage edits a lot of the social question.
She knows a lot of the social questions.
I can't believe I can't believe I can't believe it.
The specific venue on your old home style live show.
I'm sure it's a fuck off.
On your bed.
I have to read the comments.
I have to read the question before you can pause.
Are you ready already?
You can read it.
I have to read the question before you can pause.
Onus, probably the only one who knows the exact.
Not the one at the arjun.
Jeff, we don't even know.
You're saying the name of, okay.
So it was the Madison Square guard and conference room.
Okay, but what was the name of the conference room?
Fuck.
You have to remember this.
You're the only one who's going to remember.
Can I look at my email?
I got a letter.
You got a letter.
I can read your email.
You can read your email.
That's the same as just saying correct, right?
Yeah, the correct answer was the legend's room.
I was in talks with MSG to host a live record of the show at a conference room at
Madison Square guard.
So the poster is going to say that you're going to say that you're going to say that you're
going to say that you're going to say that you're going to say that you're going to say that.
But it would have been another one.
Yeah.
A business under the street up arena.
All right.
The score to beat is Marieka at 600 onus closest with 400.
Here we go on.
You controls the board.
I'll do best podcast.
Yes.
No.
I'll do right songs to 100.
Right songs for 200.
The one rice song, Marieka was forced to sing on her week.
Yes.
When Jeff had was Wi-Fi less in Kentucky.
Marika.
Rice burn.
That is correct.
What is rice burn?
Raika.
Can you give us a little preview of that?
For those who forgot.
Let the rice burn.
No.
Sing it.
It was Skyfall.
Otherwise, I'm not going to be happy.
Why does it burn?
It was a big deal.
It was last night.
It was a rice ball.
Marika controls the board.
And the game.
Marika is pulling away.
Yeah.
Bring us 800.
Because I would.
I think I would.
I would.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Let's do double jeopardy for these double jeopardy.
Double jeopardy.
All right.
I think it's just.
I know.
I think it's been the most abuse by this podcast.
I think it's been.
Yeah.
I think it's been the most abuse by this podcast.
I think it's been the most abuse I've ever done.
Thank you.
Thanks.
That's all.
We'll get back to that.
Thank you.
Thanks.
The location.
The location of Jeff's first 14 appears on the show.
Yes.
His house.
His closet.
Buzz buzz buzz.
Okay.
Close.
Who else?
Buzz buzz.
Who's that?
Oh, Ferris.
What is a basement?
It was a closet.
But where is the closet?
It was.
Where in the world?
Your mommy's house?
I am not.
Actually, Joel got it.
Give it to Joel.
Kind of shot.
Yeah.
All right.
Joel, you're on the board.
You're not going to win.
And that was double jeopardy, right?
Yeah, you got 200.
Double jeopardy.
Do you need two headphones and anything's possible?
All right, here we go.
Jeff, what was that one episode where you wore a Tuxedo in your parents' closet?
The Huskers.
Oh, the head gaskers.
That's right.
That was an undeniable shirt.
It's a very good shirt.
That's good shirt.
The board, let's finish the shit out.
Best guess.
Best guess for 100.
This red-headed Floridian won't rest until everyone on the offensive.
That's right.
It's Casey Donnie here.
Casey, where in the border are you from?
I'm from a crowsprings who ever asked that.
That was well, not that it matters.
All right, last one.
Head gaskers alumni club.
The this former head gump podcast Frequenter.
Went down to work.
It went hard.
It was work on this show.
I heard Emma Foley first.
No, I heard Emma Foley first.
No, you heard this Emma Foley.
I was buzzing on behalf of Vanya.
Thank you.
Sage.
My com is hanging.
This is fucking bullshit.
Final scores are Emma with 100.
Joel with 200.
Will with 300.
Sage and Ania tied for second with 400.
And winning fucking jeopardy.
It's Marie from Brownway.
She's also the first.
There's another segment still, right?
Exactly.
Yeah.
Of course now.
This one's the longest one.
Those ones are short.
Yeah.
Let's let's let's all just take a minute.
All right.
First of all, plugs.
First of all, plug.
Second of all, buddy.
200 episodes.
Can we treat it with the reverence that it deserves?
I feel like everybody's here to just get in and get out.
It feels like everybody's doing me a favor,
which I don't appreciate, but I do appreciate that you are here.
What?
Let's everyone go around.
Very quickly and just say one nice thing about this show.
Let's start with a minute.
Everybody on the show seems to like it.
And the super fans of the show really love it.
They are all in on this inside joke.
And it's a tight rope to walk.
Hosting the show because you have to be likable.
But really unlikable at the same time.
So I think only Jeff and probably like six other people at the company could pull it off.
And a lot of people.
But it's exciting to see it all come together.
200.
What a fucking honor.
Let's give it up.
Back in.
Just to piggyback on me, you are such a unique person.
And some of you, the show.
Jeff is such a unique person.
Just me, favorite thing in the world is to become a lens.
Let's kill everybody.
Go around and compliment Jeff.
Yeah.
And I think that it takes perseverance to do anything for as long as you've done it.
And sometimes you can get tired.
I'm sure so much that you don't want to do it.
I think it's so impressive that you put your best foot forward and always try and create a unique experience with each new episode.
And I think as much as much negativity as we throw your way.
I think at the end of the day, we enjoy your company.
We enjoy the show and kudos.
This wasn't what this was supposed to be.
It was supposed to be like everybody razzing the show one last time.
Great how to hair.
Good skin.
Katie.
I can't follow that.
That was Ernest.
It's sincere.
So say something disarrest.
Your eyelids actually.
I haven't noticed them to be very dry when I watched the video episode.
So.
Literally the one thing.
Splash water.
This one way.
Jeff.
What else is there to say?
You to host the show every week.
And.
Not.
What is going to be you.
All right.
We got a.
Yeah.
On you for show.
Can you hear me, Jeff?
Fairly.
If you want to open the door.
Do you want to come in here?
I can hear you.
I can.
We have to.
We love working with you.
And even though like your absolute nightmare in every way.
Like production wise.
You're such a charming and good person.
And you like genuinely care about this company.
And that's right.
And that's why we like kind of forgive you anything.
And like it's been such an honor to be your.
Like supervising producer and clean up your mistakes.
And we like really we really love you.
And we're sorry.
We locked you in this studio for a day.
Don't be.
On you had to print out steps.
And recording.
And you still fuck it up.
And you still.
Yeah.
I think you have a beautiful singing voice.
That's right.
Guys, we got to figure this.
We got to finish this up.
But just one word to describe the show.
Erica.
Great.
So so.
I feel terrible for Alex Erica and Dan.
I feel like they didn't have headphones.
And I wasted an hour.
I had headphones.
I feel like, you know, the amount of user generated content you get is surprising.
Like the fans really love you to the point where they'll dedicate hours of their own time.
To put together videos that a hundred people will watch.
That's nice.
Why do we?
It's not like that.
The fans are the fans are great.
Good fans are good.
This.
This show is just so.
Well said.
Very good.
Yeah.
I passed.
I ran into Jeff yesterday in the street.
And he was exiting a grocery store.
And the clerk.
He had forgotten a big parcel of meat inside the store.
The clerk chased him.
This is true.
Chase him back.
True.
And to which he was she said, you left your meat in the store.
He said, I'm not going back in there.
And that's the lover of mine is in the store.
And he made his girlfriend go get it.
Oh.
And that's how I feel about the show.
What did you forget?
It's nice.
Why wouldn't you go back in?
Yeah.
I was going to have to say hi to her.
And then it would be like the awkward thing of like I'm with my current girlfriend
talking to her.
Which is fine.
But like I just didn't want to put her in that position.
I didn't hear that.
Because I didn't hear a former lover mentioned at all.
I thought you were just refusing.
That's not my meat.
Every.
Every is so much joy.
So much joy.
Physicians.
You skipped Alex over there.
Thanks a lot.
I really love the rice songs.
I think you get really creative on the lyrics.
I'm a little confused.
Why do you think it tastes like sand though?
I think I might be consisting of wrong things.
It doesn't taste easy.
I'm sorry.
It's not easy.
From yalls right to left.
Let's start with Marika.
You skipped fares.
Oh, fares.
Oh, sure.
I'd say this show unites us all against Jeff.
But yeah, it brings people together.
Common enemy.
Yeah.
On a real note, this is one of the best things I've ever been a part of.
Oh, I don't know how to figure out how to insult you after I say that.
So I'll just leave it at that.
This was truly one of the greatest things.
Oh, it's incredible.
I mean, first of all,
huge shout out to Ferris and Marieka for getting this show off the ground more than anyone else.
Like, well, that's putting other people down.
I didn't mean that.
I mean, I just mean they worked really hard at the beginning to make it something cool,
especially with Marieka recording the saxophone lick,
which I don't know if everybody knows or if they forgotten,
but yeah, Marieka recorded that sax.
Ferris, I think mixed it.
Is that true?
That's true.
Oh my God.
And, you know, the whole thing.
I don't know if we even still do this on the audio,
but the sax fillers was Ferris' idea.
And he also would used to comb through and create it to cold open ideas.
So this show is mostly the work of Ferris and Marieka.
So shout out to you all.
And let's go to Sweden over to Marieka.
I was so refreshing to hear you just speak honestly for a second.
You know, the first time I ever met Jeffrey J.
I was like, this guy's, this guy's really nice.
Back to your regularly scheduled album.
Yeah, Eric.
Um, I mean, I think picking piggybacking off of what Ferris said.
I think the show ultimately does what I wanted it to do,
which is like bringing everyone together,
people that like don't really interact at work all the time.
Like having them have a chance to talk to each other.
And I think you're the force that is able to do that.
And like make everyone comfortable,
even if it's like comfortable in their discomfort or their anger
at you can.
So I think you're, you're the only one that can pull it off.
And you do consistently.
And I'm proud of you for that show.
Not a lot.
With the consistency of sand and consistency.
It's hard to increase.
I can't believe this is the last episode.
The show's canceled.
Oh, sure.
Okay.
That's why we like.
I don't know.
Not the show.
Jake left the room to go delete the RSS.
I believe he's a back catalogue.
This is the last live show.
It erased.
Now I this one's for you.
Oh, my god.
He's getting from France.
Yes.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Shepherd on it.
Right.
You have to cut this out, right?
I don't know.
Obviously.
I think he has the monetization.
Charming.
Basmati could be your new addiction.
It's solid in the cinch.
We used to walk for friction.
Don't want soft skin.
So I'll cinch.
Bernie.
Johnny.
Who could eat a grain?
That has not been ruined.
And baby.
Don't you like brown rice.
I blazed it in a rice tip.
It's like the opposite of cold dry eyes.
And we'll eat it with hoys and eat it with hoys.
And be you are and bomb a rice.
cinch and blue and sushi rice.
Heat your pan.
Now charcoal rose.
Of course those grains.
You're burning rice.
Be you are and sticky rice.
Skull the bacon.
Cautorize.
Smolder brown rice.
sushi roll.
Ignite all our boreo.
Be you are and Jasmine rice.
Be you are and orange.
Be you are and red.
Carto.
Coca-Cola.
That is right.
Uh-huh.
Carto.
.
I like burning grains before.
I was concussed.
Pahra.
O earthquake.
Carto.
Park.
Cage.
Over here.
Hip the bear.
Bright flowing.
Spowing.
Pahra.
Hip.
Conc solche.
Anise.
Fick.
Mall.
That is aid with hoys and.
While we are inch.
Here, that sizzle, farboiler, because there's a bunch of them on the right.
That is how you really charm.
Be you are and rice pudding.
Dizzart rice can also cinch.
Be you are and black around.
You can take for it.
Rice to work.
Be you are and high air.
Stand is rice is good when burn.
Let boys in while bonds arise.
Even ruin in the rice.
What's it take to chain the charm?
What's it take to make a rice for her?
What's it take to make rice hard?
Hurry up, there's tons of bamba.
Counter-rides place one, two, three, two, three, two, three.
Cards, men rise.
Ruins are your age in place.
Sing along, be you.
Cards are your age in place.
Let's take a rice still.
Be you are and has men rise.
Ruins are your age in place.
Be you are and red for no.
Let's take a rice deal in both.
She's so so.
Yes, so.
Rice is burnt in here.
Are you cinching rice?
Because I am.
Are you going to burn rice with me?
Okay, it's hot.
Oh, you did.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, that was good.
He really worked on that.
That was a hit gum original.
Thank you.